docs(faq): added content on load balancer (#401)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/loadbalancer.mdx

## Is there a failover system for Load Balancers?

Yes! If your Load Balancer fails, a deployment script automatically executes, spawning and deploying a replica Load Balancer Instance. Your Load Balancer's flexible IP address is automatically rerouted to this replica Instance.

> If you want to know more about the failover system, read more [here](https://blog.scaleway.com/strengthening-our-load-balancer-failover-mechanism/).

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to know more about the failover system, read [our article on strengthening our Load Balancer failover mechanism](https://blog.scaleway.com/strengthening-our-load-balancer-failover-mechanism/).
```

> If you want to know more about the failover system, read [our article on strengthening our Load Balancer failover mechanism](https://blog.scaleway.com/strengthening-our-load-balancer-failover-mechanism/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to know more about the failover system, read [our article about strengthening our Load Balancer failover mechanism](https://blog.scaleway.com/strengthening-our-load-balancer-failover-mechanism/).
```
